c:\users\павлове.corp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cloud9\Cloud9\bin\Debug\Cloud9.exe.config
c:\users\павлове.corp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cloud9\Cloud9\bin\Debug\Cloud9.exe
c:\users\павлове.corp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cloud9\Cloud9\bin\Debug\Cloud9.pdb
c:\users\павлове.corp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cloud9\Cloud9\bin\Debug\ClassLibr.dll
c:\users\павлове.corp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cloud9\Cloud9\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\павлове.corp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cloud9\Cloud9\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\павлове.corp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cloud9\Cloud9\bin\Debug\ClassLibr.pdb
c:\users\павлове.corp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cloud9\Cloud9\bin\Debug\ClassLibr.dll.config
c:\users\павлове.corp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cloud9\Cloud9\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\павлове.corp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cloud9\Cloud9\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\павлове.corp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cloud9\Cloud9\obj\Debug\Cloud9.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\павлове.corp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cloud9\Cloud9\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\павлове.corp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cloud9\Cloud9\obj\Debug\RegistrationWindow.g.cs
c:\users\павлове.corp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cloud9\Cloud9\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\павлове.corp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cloud9\Cloud9\obj\Debug\Cloud9_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\павлове.corp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cloud9\Cloud9\obj\Debug\Cloud9_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\павлове.corp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cloud9\Cloud9\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\павлове.corp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cloud9\Cloud9\obj\Debug\RegistrationWindow.baml
c:\users\павлове.corp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cloud9\Cloud9\obj\Debug\Cloud9.g.resources
c:\users\павлове.corp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cloud9\Cloud9\obj\Debug\Cloud9.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\павлове.corp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cloud9\Cloud9\obj\Debug\Cloud9.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\павлове.corp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cloud9\Cloud9\obj\Debug\Cloud9.exe
c:\users\павлове.corp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cloud9\Cloud9\obj\Debug\Cloud9.pdb
c:\users\павлове.corp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cloud9\Cloud9\obj\Debug\FileWindow.g.cs
c:\users\павлове.corp\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Cloud9\Cloud9\obj\Debug\FileWindow.baml
